Tori! Shh. Quiet.
my parents are gonna wake up!
- I can't help it.
I'm sorry.
- No. you have to!
Oh. my God.
like. that one photo.
We look so good.
We're gonna be famous.
-Go. go.
-I'm trying.
You're so slow.
Tori!
- Shh. If my parents wake up.
I'm dead.
- Sorry.
You texted your mom to tell her
that you're staying over?
-All good.
-Okay.
Okay. I gotta pee really bad
and get out of this dress.
You do that.
Hmm.
Julie?
- Hey. Randy. What's up?
- Hey. man.
something just came in.
This family really
needs your help.
The reward is substantial.
but I'm not gonna lie. man.
this one's bad.
It's. like. really bad.
and I...
...kinda already told
the family you would help out.
Okay. why don't you
walk me through it?
All right.
Family was brutally murdered
last night
in Hamilton. Montana.
The dad ran a hedge fund.
and the mother worked
for a nonprofit.
Their 16-year-old daughter
was also killed. It's...
It's terrible.
It's all over the news.
I'm not sure I follow.
The daughter had a friend
that slept over last night.
uh. Tori Camp.
She's missing.
And Tori was at the house
at the time of the murder?
Yeah. the police aren't telling
the parents anything.
but if she's alive...
-Killer might still have her.
-Exactly.
Look. I know this one's
already really messy. man.
but they're desperate.
I just sent you her photo.
And the parents are sure
she was spending the night?
Yeah. that's the last place
her phone was pinged.
Okay. I'm about two hours out.
You tell the parents
I'm on my way. all right?
-Mr. Shaw?
-Got here as fast as I could.
Thank you so much.
We don't know what to do.
That's my husband. Andrew.
He's not in good shape.
-Okay. Police give you
any updates?
-No.
They're still processing
the crime scene.
State police said
an FBI agent was arriving.
What does that mean?
No. it's not uncommon.
Multiple homicides.
I just want my daughter found.
I mean. if the monster
who did this has her. I--
I'm here now. I'm here to help.
okay? The important thing
is that we move fast.
The police are searching
the surrounding area with dogs.
-They think she's dead.
-They're following protocol.
She's alive. I just know it.
Please. Anything you can do.
When was the last time you had
contact with your daughter?
A call earlier in the day
and then a text telling me
she was going to a movie
with Julie.
and they were gonna work
on a history project together.
Do you have any reason
to believe
maybe she wasn't being truthful
to you about that?
What does this have to do
with finding her?
I'm trying to find a motive.
Trying to figure out why
somebody targeted this house.
Maybe they followed them
back here.
Maybe they were
watching the house all along.
Any timeline. any detail helps.
Well. maybe she was lying
about the studying part.
I never should have let her
spend the night here.
Okay. what makes you say that?
God. this isn't the right time
to say this.
but Julie was
a bad influence on Tori.
I should have said no.
but you try telling
a 16-year-old what to do.
None of this would have
happened if I would've just--
No. no. hey.
it's not your fault.
She could still be out there.
Right now. I need you
to be available for the police
-and for the FBI
with any updates. okay?
-Okay. Okay.
-If you hear anything.
you let me know.
-I can do that.
I'm here. I've got this.
-Thank you so much. Thank you.
-I'm on it. Yeah.
Hey.
what are you doing?
Uh... Tori Camp's parents
hired me to help find her.
That's the first
I've heard of that.
Well. they haven't had
any updates. I think
they're waiting to hear--
Let me just stop you
right there.
There's no updates
'cause there's nothing new.
I got three dead. one missing.
and no apparent motive. Okay?
-There's your update.
-If I can be of any help.
let me know.
This is a crime scene.
all right?
Law enforcement only.
Why don't you head over there
with the other lookie-loos.
okay?
FBI.
Turn around. slowly.
Yeah.
Special Agent Temple.
You're in my crime scene. ID?
Back pocket?
-Yeah.
-Here you go.
I was hired to find Tori Camp.
Guessing she's still missing?
-Her parents hired you?
-That's right.
Ex-cop or law enforcement.
Mr. Shaw?
Neither. actually.
I get hired to find people.
It's what I do.
Huh. Okay. well.
that still doesn't explain
you entering a crime scene
where evidence
is being collected.
I think the killer was here.
-Watching the house.
-What makes you say that?
I'm guessing you think
the same thing. That's why
you're up here. right.
not back at the house?
Go on.
Tracked his movements up here.
same as you.
I saw the-the pen
that you put down.
No. I didn't touch anything.
-What else?
-I think he was wearing
blue boot covers.
probably to make sure he didn't
leave any evidence behind.
Mmm. We found fibers. so yeah.
State police and sheriff think
the killer exited through
the front into a vehicle.
I don't know.
I think that's a-a misdirect.
It could be. or some tick
or part of his ritual
I'm not picking up.
I saw your badge said SSA.
Are you a profiler?
We call it
the Behavioral Analysis Unit.
So he's done this before?
Well. that's what
I'm trying to find out.
Yeah.
I think he was up here
for a while. days. in fact.
Look here.
there's trampled leaves.
but there's layers of them.
He's been here a while.
and then...
the same thing over here.
see that?
-Hmm.
-Okay. and...
Saw this here.
He cut some
of these branches away. right?
So he'd get a better look
at the house.
My point is
he came up here prepared.
Yeah. everything I've seen
suggests he selects his targets
and then watches.
Like he's hunting.
He's waiting for the right moment.
That match your profile?
It does.
How many other victims
have there been?
At least two
in the past six years.
One in Darby. Montana.
the other in Cody. Wyoming.
In both cases.
families killed. and...
He takes a trophy?
If it's the same guy. yes.
What did he do with the others.
the. uh. ones he took?
He dumps the bodies.
but we think
he keeps them alive
for at least 24 to 36 hours.
-Why?
-To torture them.
You have a team
on the ground yet?
No. My supervisor
doesn't even know I'm here.
Not yet. at least.
-Not a believer?
-I didn't say that.
but even if I do get her
to see it's the same guy.
it'll be a while before
we can get boots on the ground.
It's time Tori doesn't have.
I was hoping
it wasn't him.
But your gut's
telling you it is him.
If he came this way.
he'd have to have Tori
with him.
Yeah.
Let's see.
It's a long way to the highway.
especially carrying
another person.
Yeah. maybe not.
Hold on. Come here.
This here.
Drag marks.
See that? Two of them.
fresh from last night.
I found something similar
in one of the other cases.
-A couple of theories.
-Homemade drag litter.
My dad was a big hunter.
He taught me.
A few saplings from the woods.
some rope. canvas.
Okay. so we're talking
about somebody
who has hunting skills.
familiar with the outdoors?
I don't know about the hunting
for sure.
but it's definitely
the most efficient way
to move through uneven terrain.
There's a lot of ground
to cover
if there's any hope of finding
Tori before it's too late.
Well. look. I just wanna
help you in any way that I can.
I want to find that girl.
My priority as well.
What else you see?
Good. here we go.
Look. these run east
through the forest. right?
Must be where
he stowed the car.
He's had Tori maybe 12 hours?
Already done the math.
which means.
if Tori's still alive.
she has less than
24 hours to live.
Please. please.
I just wanna go home.
No. no.
please just tell me
what you want.
I'll do anything.
Please. Stop.
There. that's better.
Any luck
with that security footage?
Still waiting on a court order
to get the footage
from the houses.
-I'm sorry. it's just protocol.
-No. I get it.
Might have a quicker way.
I don't want to know how.
but whatever you got to do.
do it.
Yep.
What's up. man?
Any luck finding Tori?
No. not yet.
I just sent you a pin.
A ways from the crime scene?
I think this is a spot
he used as an exit point.
All right.
Okay. I got two cameras
on the homes to the north
and the south.
-Can you get in?
-Give me a beat.
I need to know if there was
a vehicle that stopped here
or just passed through.
I'm trying to get into
the north home system.
but. uh. yeah.
it looks like it's air-gapped.
Give me a sec.
Okay. I got into the other one.
Hold on.
Okay. here we go.
I got one image. 2:37 a.m.
RV heading north.
That's great. Good work.
You got a plate?
Uh...
Plate's all muddy.
I mean. I can only make out
a few letters.
Okay. those letters.
can you get an ID from it?
Yeah. it's gonna take me
a little bit. but let me see
what I can do.
All right. thanks. Randy.
Appreciate you.
Your guy get any leads?
No. he's gonna let me know
as soon as he does.
Let's hope he gets lucky.
We find that RV. we may have
a shot at saving Tori's life.
We're gonna need
more than luck.
You really want me
to help you with this.
you're gonna have to tell me
more about this killer.
My best guess is
that he crosses paths
with his victims.
leading him to follow them.
Makes sense. He fixates.
he studies. and then he hunts.
Yeah. In both previous cases.
we have witnesses that claim
they saw an unidentified man
the day of the murder.
You share that theory
with the state police?
And waste time
walking 'em through it
just so they can poke holes?
No. thanks.
I'll walk them through it
when we get something.
Well. as long as
it doesn't bog us down.
This guy's been
successful before.
and he doesn't make
a lot of mistakes.
It's our job to make sure
we capitalize on the ones
that he does.
You know. one thing
doesn't quite fit the others.
The previous victims taken.
they were all members
of the family. The daughters.
So. you think Julie
was the target?
That's what I'm thinking.
Something must have happened
to make him pivot.
He improvised and took Tori.
I haven't seen the crime scene.
It's pretty bad. Coroner
just removed the bodies.
You could help me out
if you'd walk me through it.
I'm thinking
if Julie was the target.
there might be something
in that crime scene
that helps us understand where
they might have crossed paths.
Okay.
The parents were sitting up
in bed. almost on display.
indicating a killer
who was sending a message.
Maybe someone with
a sense of moral superiority.
Parents were killed first?
We believe so.
Julie was stabbed
and left on the floor.
Okay.
Doesn't match up
with the parents.
That's why I think
he intended to take her.
-She surprised him.
-That's right.
So he killed her.
then he switched
his sights to Tori.
Tori's mother said that
Tori was spending the night.
Where were the girls staying?
In here. Julie's room.
Hey. what the hell
is he doing here?
He's with me.
helping to solve a case
that you know we have
very limited time to solve.
Time you are wasting right now.
You're taking responsibility
for him. all right?
It's on you.
Yeah. that's right.
Let's get out of here.
Finding Tori
is the only thing that matters.
All right. Tori's mother
said that Tori and Julie
went to a movie.
They came back here
to work on a history project.
No. they didn't go to a movie.
We checked their credit cards.
phones. nothing.
So. where the hell did they go?
Wait a minute.
- Hey. you got something?
-Maybe.
It's the dress she was wearing.
How do you know that?
Take a look.
-See the pine needles?
-Yeah.
They snuck in
through this window
and that dress got caught
on the pine tree here. right?
Yep.
Yeah. it's the same dress
in these photos.
These were definitely taken
last night.
Background in these...
Could be anywhere.
Wait. hold on.
She had
her mother's credit card.
We pulled the transactions.
Let me see.
There you go. There's a charge
at Permanent Waves Hair Salon
at 6:00 p.m.
It's in Missoula.
It's about an hour drive away.
Okay. If the killer was
watching them. somebody
could've seen something.
-Let's go.
-Yeah.
You happy? Looks great.
Good to see ya. See ya soon.
Hi. can I help you?
Yeah. we're looking
for a missing teenager.
Tori Camp.
She was in here yesterday
with her friend.
- Yeah.
- Julie Rozakis.
I took care of them. Uh...
Julie's mom. Annabelle.
is one of my regulars.
I gave them their blowouts.
Cute girls.
Julie and her mother
were murdered last night.
Oh. my God.
Tori's still missing.
I'm sorry.
I-I-I can't believe it.
They were just here.
You happen
to see anything strange?
Someone who might have
been keeping tabs?
No. no. no. Nothing like that.
What about an RV
parked out front?
You see anything like that?
I mean. none that I saw.
but. you know. I'm pretty
elbow deep when I'm in here.
Possible maybe. but who drives
an RV to a salon?
Did those girls mention
anything to you about
what they might be doing?
-Yeah. yes.
-Yeah?
They. uh...
They were really excited.
They were gonna get
professional photos taken
by a photographer
that was offering them
modeling work.
I know. I warned them.
but teenagers. you know?
It's...
What about a name.
this-this photographer?
No. no. I'm sorry.
- I mean. I wish
I could be more helpful.
- It's okay. Thank you.
- Yeah.
Randy. talk to me.
Well. I narrowed down
the plate numbers
to find two RVs in the area.
And?
Well. one's registered
to a Debbie Gilbo.
72 years old. retired.
and the other
belongs to a Nelson Reagan.
35-year-old guy from Missoula.
two priors for sexual assault.
Okay. the Nelson guy. uh.
what does he do for a living?
Can you find that?
Let's find out.
Okay. looks like
he's a photographer.
Where's the RV now?
Registered to an address
across town from where you are.
Can you drop me a pin?
Did it.
Thanks. Randy.
-Hey.
-Found it?
-Might.
-Okay. I'm not gonna call
for backup yet.
If he senses us coming.
it'll trigger him.
-To kill Tori.
-Trust me.
it's happened to me before.
and I don't make
the same mistake twice.
Let's go.
Someone's out there.
I got this.
You call for backup.
Hey.
Hold it.
Hey. Where is she?
Where's Tori?
I didn't do anything
to those girls. okay?
Yeah. I took some pics.
As far as I knew. they were 18.
Besides. they were
just glamour shots.
Nothing wrong with that.
I'm not talking about
you taking pictures
of the girls.
Found this in your RV.
It was used to kill
Julie Rozakis.
Blood tested positive
for her DNA.
I've never seen
that thing before in my life.
Well. then how did
it get there?
If it was in there.
someone must've planted it.
I'm being framed.
Where were you last night?
I was in my bed.
Asleep all night.
Okay.
So...
someone stole your RV.
murdered a family.
and then returned it
in the same night?
Why don't you walk me
through that one more time?
There's nothing
to walk you through.
Someone is trying to make this
look like it was me.
I'm telling you the truth.
So. you didn't hear the RV?
The RV's parked
on the other side of the yard.
There's no way
I would have heard it.
I don't know
what else to tell you.
You know what? Lawyer.
I'm not saying another word.
Everything points to this guy.
-Mmm.
-I just need more time.
Time Tori doesn't have.
-What's your gut say?
-My gut?
It's telling me
it's the first time
he's ever seen that knife.
Yeah. if I'm being honest.
Reagan doesn't really seem
to match the profile.
All of Reagan's patterns
are about manipulation.
luring in the young girls.
-Our killer. he likes to hunt.
He watches.
-Yeah.
If it was Reagan.
he'd have just taken them
from the studio.
Knife like this is hand-forged.
walnut handle. high-carbon
steel blade. stamp on it.
A.H.. maker's mark.
Mm-hmm.
It's handmade.
May-Maybe the killer
planted the knife.
Any hint of him doing that
in the past?
No. no one was liked
for the murders.
Theory was the killer
was careful. controlled
every aspect of the killings.
He ever use a knife
in the other murders?
No. they were suffocated.
Daughters strangled
and beaten to death.
He improvised here.
Goes along with your theory.
Julie surprised him.
He made a mistake.
If we can find out who made
that knife. maybe we can
find out who they sold it to.
Well. I gotta stay here.
play this one by the books.
-All right. I'll let you know
what I find out.
-Okay.
Hey. Randy.
did you get any information on
that knife picture I sent you?
I scanned the blade stamp
and got the local maker.
A guy named Amos Harlow.
Maybe he sold it to the killer.
You send me an address?
Yeah. I just sent it.
Also. I did a quickie
background check on Amos.
and he is no saint.
Ex-con. got a violent past.
kind of guy you don't want
to look at the wrong way.
All right. thanks. Randy.
How you doing?
Wonder if maybe you could
help me with something.
Depends.
It's about one of your knives.
-You a cop?
-No.
One of your knives was used
in a triple homicide
last night.
Oh. I have nothing to do
with anything like that.
my man.
Just keep the shop.
Your daughter?
-What's it to you?
-The killer took
a young girl with him.
He's still got her.
We don't know where.
And I don't think
she has much time.
All right. How can I help?
Okay.
Here. this knife.
uh. you remember
who you sold that to?
I don't remember offhand.
but I keep receipts.
-Give me a sec.
-Yep. Thank you.
G. Lee.
Think it's a fake name.
I only deal with cash.
I don't ask questions.
But if I remember correctly.
the guy who bought it
wanted it shipped.
Yeah. that is
a very big help actually.
Thank you very much.
You have a good day.
I got the address of the guy
who bought the knife.
Dropping you a pin now.
Please tell me
you're not on your way there.
-Just about there. yeah.
-Wait for me.
No. every second counts.
Yeah.
it'll be somewhere remote.
somewhere he can control.
I'm right behind you.
Be careful. all right?
Come alone.
- Can't afford mistakes.
- Yeah.
Please.
I won't tell any-- Please.
Tori? Tori.
Tori. I'm here to help you.
Tori?
Please. please just let me go.
I'll do anything. Please.
I knew you were
gonna be trouble.
Did you know it was me
back at the salon?
Maybe you didn't want
that FBI bitch to know.
Wanted me all for yourself?
I mean. she took the bait
with that guy in the RV.
Saw it on TV.
They caught their pervert.
Where's Tori?
She's alive...
for now.
You know. I was gonna
take her outside to look
at the stars one last time.
But now I gotta clean up
my mess.
No one's ever gotten
this close before.
There's something special
about you.
Not really.
You just got sloppy.
-You all get sloppy.
-Mmm.
Maybe.
Maybe just a little.
But I'm gonna...
...correct that.
Just like I'm gonna
clean up Tori.
Show her how the world
really works.
You wanted Julie. right?
Yeah.
The way
she was talking.
-You took Tori instead. Why?
-Doesn't matter.
She's the same.
She's got that rot in her.
I've seen it now.
It's ugly.
The arrogance passed down
takes root.
I'm just one man.
but I'm doing my part...
to fix it.
Do you want to know
how I found you?
Uh. yeah. sure. You know.
it's not gonna make
a bit of difference.
Your knife
was handmade.
It was easy.
Yeah.
Who else knows you're here?
You show me Tori's alive.
and I'll... I'll tell you.
Or I could just cut off
your hands.
Show me that Tori's alive.
Do it now.
I'll be right back.
Don't worry.
It'll all be over soon.
Please.
Please just let me go. please.
Please. I'll do anything.
Anything but the hard work.
The hard stuff.
Do you even know
what that is?
I don't understand
what you're saying.
Your weakness.
The waste you've left behind.
The utter useless emptiness
of your doll parts.
Gone. Forever.
Please.
please. I won't tell.
Please. Please.
Please. I won't tell anyone.
Tori.
I can't cut the...
Hey. can you hear me?
Hey. listen to me. Wake up.
Tori. can you sit up?
There we go. Come on.
You're okay.
I'm here to help you.
all right?
Look at me.
Let's get you untied.
Okay.
I got to go out there.
I need you to stay here.
No. no. no.
Please don't leave me.
-Hey. I'll be back.
I'll be back for you.
-Please.
-Don't leave me. please.
-Trust me.
Stay down here.
Stay hidden and you stay quiet.
Okay.
I'll be back. I promise.
Come here. Okay.
Sit up. sit up. Stay with me.
Look at me.
All right.
Looks like
it got your clavicle.
he missed your artery.
Just calm your breath. okay?
Calm your breath.
I got pressure on it.
Where is she?
She's right back here.
I don't know what to say.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Go be with your family.
Hey. sweetie.
I'm coming with you.
-We saved her.
-We did. yeah.
Hey. Hey. Beth.
you hang in there. okay?
- There's just
so many...
- Okay.
...bad things out there.
I don't know.
I just don't know anymore.
All you can do is your part.
- It's not enough.
-  That family. they should be alive.
And Tori's alive
because you saw something.
You did your best.
That's all you can do.
Your best. right?
I think the world's
a better place because you...
you try.
Yeah.
I can accept that.